Add integration options for Fritz (#17854)
home-assistant/home-assistant.github.io: source/_integrations/fritz.markdown

| ---------------------- | -------- | -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| `entity_id`            | no       | Only act on a specific  router                                                                                 |

## Integration Options

It is possible to change some behaviors through the integration options.
These can be changed at **AVM FRITZ!Box Tools** -> **Configure** on the Integrations page.

- **Consider home**: Number of seconds that must elapse before considering a disconnected device "not at home"

> **Note**: if you don't want to automatically track new detected device, disable the integration system option `Enable new added entities`

Reviewer: With home-assistant/core#50791 this note is not needed, since all device_trackers were disabled by default

Author: We should say the other way around:

**if you want to automatically track new detected device, enable the integration system option `Enable new added entities`**

Reviewer: EDIT: It is not correct, since all `device_tracker` were added, but disabled, so message should be something like:
All device to be tracked were disabled by default - even the new detected. User needs to enable the wanted entities manually.

Author: I think latest version clarify everything. What you think ?

| ---------------------- | -------- | -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| `entity_id`            | no       | Only act on a specific  router                                                                                 |

## Integration Options

It is possible to change some behaviors through the integration options.
These can be changed at **AVM FRITZ!Box Tools** -> **Configure** on the Integrations page.

> - **Consider home**: Number of seconds that must elapse before considering a disconnected device "not at home"

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- **Consider home**: Number of seconds that must elapse before considering a disconnected device "not at home".
```

## Additional info

> **Note 1**: All device to be tracked, even the new detected, are disabled by default. User needs to enable the wanted entities manually

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
**Note 1**: All devices to be tracked, even the new detected, are disabled by default. You need to enable the wanted entities manually.
```

> **Note 2**: If you don't want to automatically track new detected device, disable the integration system option `Enable new added entities`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
**Note 2**: If you don't want to automatically track newly detected devices, disable the integration system option `Enable new added entities`.
```
